Long time no see, Big Teach.
Yes. Payday's come at last.
Japan's cheap snacks are of superb quality.
More than worth the effort of disguising myself, I'd say.
Stop that!
Aw, just come with us, will ya?
But I have to get to my new teaching job!
So you're a teacher!
Hey, we could use a little tutoring ourselves!
How about a crash course in picking up women from your car?
Lesson 1: it is vital to decorate your car beautifully.
Wriggly wrapping!
The car's covered in ribbons!
There is no Lesson 2.
Are you all right?
Thank you so much!
I thought chivalry was dead.
I'll never forget your kindness!
By the way,
do you know how to get to Kunugigaoka Junior High?
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
seishun satsubatsuron
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa
Because we know it's cool that way so so
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst mo
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
Because we know it's cool that way sa sa ga ga shi shi
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless o o
mo i i m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u da da
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
What is this wave of nervousness?
We can barely walk straight na na n n na na n n da da
i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
bokura no sonzai no shoumei m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Is it a proof of our existence?
u u wa wa nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i tsuki wo miage takamaru
It surges as we look up into the moon tsu tsu
Crescent Moon Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense ru ru
Ministry of Defense
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa Mach
Mach Mach Mach Mach saa saa
Lessons Teacher sa sa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom ssa
ssa Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
ssa tto tto start start saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa de de
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
ya ya genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
ga ga te te ze ze k k kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na
na ru ru aa aa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ra ra yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ya ya ri ri ki ki re re
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can nai nai kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up dou dou
se se to to iu iu no no wa wa kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can ka ka kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
Yes, we can n n ta ta n n da da ke ke do do
ima wa agaite mitain da But for now we want to fight it
i i Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da kimi to hajikete mitain da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki Ten Billion Yen
mi mi to to ha ha ji ji ke ke te te
Isolated School Building Isolated School Building mi
mi ta ta i i n n da da saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future sa sa re re do do
sei sei shun shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
Episode Grown-Up Time Old Campus
Now, allow me to introduce your new English teacher.
My name's Irina Jelavich. It's wonderful to meet you all!
What a knock-out!
What knockers!
Wait... Why's she all over him?
Who'd have thought you'd be a teacher here?
I hate her already.
I'm wearing a wig.
Oh, I don't mind!
One of our school goals is to give you authentic experience in foreign languages.
I trust there'll be no objections to her taking over half your English lessons?
Well, if you insist.
We've got us one heck of a teacher!
What's more, she seems to really have a thing for Korosensei.
Uh-huh.
I might get some new hints for the assassination out of this.
I guess Korosensei wouldn't know what to do with a human woman hanging all over him.
His face has so many unique colors...
so what color is "bewilderment"?
He's just plain smitten!
There's no mistaking that face.
I guess he's fine with a human, too.
Korosensei's Weak Point #5:
Boobs
The more I look at you, the more I like what I see.
Your beady eyes, like two diarrhea pills...
Your strange, floppy limbs...
Why, you're positively captivating!
How embarrassing!
Don't fall for it, Korosensei!
No woman finds those things attractive!
We're not that dense.
Any teacher who would join us under these circumstances
probably has more to them than meets the eye.
Hup! Pass! Hup! Kill!
I had all kinds of ways to approach him prepared.
I just never thought seduction would work.
Irina Jelavich, professional assassin.
With her drop-dead gorgeous looks and fluency in ten languages,
she can bewitch targets from anywhere in the world
and eliminate even the most heavily guarded marks from point-blank range with ease.
Her finesse at infiltration and approach has raised her assassinations to an art form.
However, we can't just hire an assassin to work at a school.
You'll also need to do some teaching for the sake of appearances.
I'm a pro.
I'll have the job done before it comes to that.
Hup! Pass!
Hup! Kill!
Hup! Pa—
Korosensei!
Oh, Korosensei!
Karasuma-sensei tells me you're oh-so-very fast! Is that true?
Well, I wouldn't say I'm that fast.
Through Korosensei's Eyes Through Korosensei's Eyes
Through Korosensei's Eyes Could you do me a favor?
Through Korosensei's Eyes
I'd love to try some real Vietnamese coffee.
Through Korosensei's Eyes Through Korosensei's Eyes
Through Korosensei's Eyes
Do you think you could bring me some during English class?
Through Korosensei's Eyes Through Korosensei's Eyes
Through Korosensei's Eyes
Why, of course.
I happen to know a great café in Vietnam.
So, er... Irina-sensei?
Class is starting. Shouldn't we go back in?
Class? Oh, right.
Just make it study hall or something.
Also, could you not call me by my first name?
I won't be playing teacher unless that octopus is around,
so you will refer to me as Miss Jelavich.
So what are you going to do, Miss Bitch?
1) A woman with an unpleasant personality.
2) A sexually promiscuous woman.
3) A female dog.
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
It's "vich"!
You're an assassin, right?
The entire class together couldn't take down this monster,
but you're going to kill him all by yourself?
Still a child, I see. Grown-ups have their own grown-up ways of doing things.
You must be Shiota Nagisa.
Come to the staff room later.
I'd like to see what you have on him.
The same goes for anyone else with key intel!
I'll give you something good in return.
If you girls prefer, you can have one of my men instead.
It's a pro's job to have both technique and connections.
You brats go watch from the outfield.
Oh, and one more thing.
If you interfere even slightly with my assassination,
I won't hesitate to kill you.
Kisses powerful enough to make you swoon.
Tough-looking companions.
And a threat delivered with unfaltering determination.
We knew at once that she was the real deal: a professional killer.
Sorry for that awful farce this morning.
But at the same time, most of the class knew something else:
that they hated her.
Study Hall Study Hall Study Hall Study Hall Study Hall
Study Hall Study Hall Study Hall Study Hall
I've never killed an unidentified life-form like this before.
Everything's ready.
The boy's shared his intel with me.
We've managed to destroy single tentacles before, but that doesn't faze him.
It's possible that you might have to destroy all his tentacles at once.
He can easily escape before you finish him off.
And...
If you're planning to sneak up on him, you probably shouldn't smoke.
Hello there. Oh, those chocolate bamboo-shoot cookies!
Korosensei has a keen sense of smell for someone with no nose.
That won't conflict with my plan.
I am Irina Jelavich, a pro among pros
who's pulled off assassinations in all kinds of circumstances.
C'mon, Miss Bitch, are you teaching us or what?
Yeah, Miss Bitch!
I mean, you are a teacher here, right, Miss Bitch?
Quit your "bitch"ing!
For one thing, they're pronounced differently!
m 615 708 l 615 900 634.5 900 634.5 795 645 786 655.5 778.5 667.5 772.5 678 771 690 772.5 696 775.5 702 783 705 795 705 900 726 900 726 787.5 720 775.5 712.5 765 705 759 693 756 679.5 756 669 757.5 661.5 760.5 648 768 636 777 634.5 777 634.5 708
Slavic name suffix meaning "child of"
You Japanese just can't differentiate between "B" and "V"!
A woman with an unpleasant personality.
A sexually promiscuous woman.
A female dog.
I'll teach you the correct way to pronounce "V."
First, lightly bite your bottom lip. Go on!
Yes, that's right.
Now stay like that for an hour and give me some peace and quiet.
What kind of lesson is this?!
Old Campus
I understand you've brought in a rather shady trio.
I wasn't informed of this.
Yes: all pros, all more than competent, not to mention tight-lipped.
They're so in love with me they'll do whatever I ask. For free.
Everything's set up. Today I act.
Irina-sensei!
Here's the Indian chai you requested.
Oh, thank you, Korosensei!
Just what I wanted for my afternoon tea!
Oh, and Korosensei, I'd like to speak with you.
Could you come to the equipment shed during fifth period?
Speak with me?
But of course.
Fifth period, right?
I'll be there with certain-tea!
You know, since chai's a tea? Get it?
Hey, now. You kiddin' me?
They're headin' for the shed together?!
Kind of a let-down,
My trip to India was perfect chai-ming, don't you think?
watching Korosensei fall for such an obvious ploy.
Karasuma-sensei?
I don't think we'll ever warm up to her.
Sorry about that. She was hired on government orders.
Still...
Being able to complete all her preparations in a single day
proves she's an assassin of the highest caliber.
So what did you want to talk about, Irina-sensei?
Assassination by infiltration requires flexibility toward one's target.
I'm up against an unidentified life-form.
Best to do it quickly, before he gets suspicious.
Korosensei...
I... I always fall head over heels for exceptional people.
With your body, your strength...
It was love at first sight.
Oh, er, uh—
Do you think that's strange of me?
I need to be as forceful as necessary to distract him
so that he won't notice what's really going on.
I spent all night fixing up the place.
All to hunt you down, target of mine.
You're a bad boy, Korosensei.
We can't do this! Not here!
You foolish, foolish man.
Farewell.
Give me a minute to take all this off.
All?!
Relax. It'll be all over before you know it.
All...
Live ammo and real guns.
An M61,
an M134, and an M249.
All spraying ammo with superlative speed and firepower.
Those weird pellets won't be necessary.
After all, there's nothing this barrage of bullets couldn't kill.
Firing sequence complete in three, two, one,
ze—
I regret to inform you that lead bullets are useless against me, Irina-sensei.
They simply melt inside my body.
Now, take a good look at my face.
You have... four eyes?!
No, two of them are nostrils.
They look the same!
I detected a metallic odor and an old-man smell that wasn't present in this shed until yesterday.
They were so out of place as to open my nostrils.
Korosensei has a keen sense of smell for someone with no nose.
By pretending to be caught in your trap, I could easily uncover my assassin.
In other words...
as a pro, you clung too tightly to conventional assassination methods.
My students' attempts are far more flexible and formidable.
And did you know?
My retaliation takes the form of care and grooming.
No!
slither slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither slither slither
slither slither
What was that?
Gunshots, a scream... and now slithery sounds?
slither slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither slither
slither No!
slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither slither
slither slither slither slither slither slither
slither slither No... slither slither slither slither
slither slither
He's slithering her silly!
Let's go!
Korosensei!
How are the boobs?!
I would've liked to enjoy myself a little longer,
but thoughts of our classes together drew me away.
Wh-What happened in there?
Miss Bitch is wearing a wholesome, retro P.E. outfit!
To think he did all that to me in just one minute...
He loosened my stiff shoulders and back,
gave me a lymphatic beauty massage,
changed my clothes at top speed,
and did that slithery thing with his tentacles.
What thing?!
What did you do, Korosensei?
Oh, you know, grown-ups need grown-up care.
That is not the face of innocence!
Now, back to the classroom, students!
Yes, sir!
This is unforgivable. I've never suffered such an unsightly failure!
I vow on my professional reputation to repay him for this disgrace!
Study Hall
I'll show that octopus that a pro doesn't give up so easily!
I'll need all-new supplies.
Dammit! Why doesn't this podunk school have Wi-Fi?!
You're trying awfully hard, Miss Bitch.
Guess he really did a number on your pride, huh?
Sensei?
What?
If you're not going to teach us anything, could you bring back Korosensei?
We've got entrance exams this year.
Ha! You want that vicious creature to teach you?
You think your exams matter when the whole planet's at stake?
Must be nice being a clueless brat!
Not to mention, I understand you Class E students are the dregs of this school.
Why even bother studying at this point?
I know. How about this?
If I successfully assassinate him, I'll give you five million yen each!
That's far more than you'd stand to gain from a bunch of useless schoolwork!
So shut your dumb mouths and do as I—
Get out.
Take a hike, you stupid bitch!
Bring back Korosensei!
Where'd all this come from? I'll kill you all!
Boobs Go Home!!
I'd like to see you try!
Yeah, that's right! Down with big boobs!
That's your problem?
What is with those brats?!
How are they not grateful just to be breathing the same air as a woman like me?!
I don't think they see it the same way you do. Hence the class riot.
You should apologize to them.
If you want to stick around long enough to try again, that is.
Why should I? Do I look like a teacher to you?
Let me focus on the assassination!
All right. Come with me.
Erromango, one of the islands of Vanuatu, or the New Hebrides...
What's he playing at?
He's writing test questions.
That's what he does every Wednesday during sixth period.
He's sure taking his sweet time.
At Mach 20, he should've finished ages ago.
He writes different questions for each student.
They take into account the students' strong and weak subjects.
Chiba has spatial figures down pat.
Why don't I throw in a trick question to mix things up?
He's a creature of superhuman intelligence and speed who's out to destroy the earth...
and yet his teaching work is close to perfect.
Take this!
Now look at the students.
They're just fooling around.
That activity trains their ability to strike a moving target with a knife.
It's called assassination badminton. I taught it to them.
Attack!
That's a thrust! 3 points!
Huh?
Target and teacher, assassins and students...
Here, in this bizarre classroom that came about because of that creature,
everyone has two roles to play.
You make a big deal out of being a professional,
but if you can't be both an assassin and a teacher,
that makes you the most inept professional here.
You okay?
Sheesh!
If you want to stay here and continue going after him,
don't look down on these students.
"You are incredible in bed." Repeat.
Come on!
"Y-You are incredible in bed."
When I assassinated a certain VIP in America,
the first thing I did was seduce his bodyguard.
Those are the words he said to me. They mean:
"You screw like nobody's business!"
Just what are you making us junior high kids say?!
It's often said that the fastest way to learn another language
is to get yourself a lover who speaks it.
You want to know what they're feeling,
so you try your hardest to understand what they say.
Shinji Shinji Shinji Anderson Shinji Anderson Shinji
Anderson Shinji Eric Anderson Shinji Eric Anderson
Shinji I've had a many opportunities throughout my work
Eric Anderson Shinji Eric Anderson Shinji Eric
Anderson Shinji Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji
Christiano Eric Shinji Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji
Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Ji Sung
Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Ji Sung Christiano
Eric Anderson Shinji Howard Ji Sung Christiano Eric
Anderson Shinji Howard Ji Sung Christiano Eric Shinji
Howard Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Howard
Ji Sung Christiano Anderson Shinji David Howard
Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Anderson David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Anderson David Howard Ji Sung Shinji David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Christiano
Anderson Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Christiano Eric
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Eric Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Eric Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Anderson Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Eric Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Christiano Eric Anderson
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji
Howard Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Anderson
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung
Christiano Eric Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung
Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja Howard Ji Sung
Christiano Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji
to learn quite a few new languages that way.
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Nemanja
David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Anderson
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson
Shinji Nemanja Howard Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Christiano Anderson Shinji Nemanja Howard
Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Ji Sung Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Christiano Eric Anderson Nemanja David
Howard Christiano Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Anderson Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Eric Anderson
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Christiano Eric Anderson
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Christiano
Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung
Christiano Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung
Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Anderson Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja Howard Ji Sung Eric
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Shinji Nemanja
David Howard Ji Sung Eric Anderson Shinji Nemanja
Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji
Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji Nemanja David Howard Shinji
Howard Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Shinji Nemanja David Howard Eric
Shinji Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Eric Shinji
Nemanja David Howard Ji Sung Shinji Nemanja David
Howard Shinji Eric Ji Sung Nemanja David Howard
Anderson Shinji Christiano
Therefore, my lessons will teach you how to sweet-talk foreigners.
The basics of endearing conversation, straight from a pro assassin:
master them and they'll come in handy with a real, live foreigner.
A foreigner!
Depp-ish Depp-ish Jolie-esque Jolie-esque Depp-ish
Depp-ish Jolie-esque Jolie-esque Depp-ish Depp-ish
Jolie-esque Jolie-esque Depp-ish Depp-ish Jolie-esque
Jolie-esque Depp-ish Depp-ish Jolie-esque Jolie-esque
Depp-ish Depp-ish Jolie-esque Jolie-esque
Let that octopus teach you what you need to know for your exams.
The only thing I can teach you is practical conversation skills.
And if you still don't think of me as a teacher,
I'll give up on my assassination and leave.
Y-You're okay with that, right?
And... I'm sorry about everything else.
Why so nervous? You were threatening to kill us a moment ago!
She's totally a teacher now.
We can't call you "Miss Bitch" anymore.
You... You understand!
It was a pretty rude thing to call a teacher.
Yeah. We need something else.
How about Bitch-sensei?
Er... How about we move away from the whole "bitch" thing?
Just call me by my first name. I don't mi—
That "bitch" thing really caught on, though.
Yeah. "Bitch-sensei" fits her way better than "Irina-sensei."
Well, there you have it. Welcome, Bitch-sensei!
Let's get started, Bitch-sensei!
I hate you all so much!
She's fitting right in.
More or less.
You think you can mess with me? You damn brats!
Thank you, Karasuma-sensei.
I want my students to be able to converse with an actual foreigner,
and really, who better than a globe-trotting assassin?
Did he seriously see all this coming?
Time to top off my sugar reserves after all that hard mental work!
He stubbornly refuses to say why he chose to teach E Class.
But the more we make it the perfect place for an assassination,
I'll give you "Bitch-sensei"! Do it right!
the more we end up making it the perfect place to learn.
Aren't you cute?
I am not!
This monster's got us all wrapped around his little tentacle.
There'll be a big taste test tonight!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
The word "bitch" originally refers to a female dog,
but now it's also used to describe unpleasant, mean-spirited women.
Good question. People typically use the word "beautiful"
to describe good-looking women, Nagisa.
Episode Assembly Time
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Assembly Time.